Winter in the Sauerland ten degrees the sun
laughs welcome
a new episode of the Sauerland
barbecue we do two things today
We shriek for two reasons because we
two different spice mixes for it
to take
this is not only great as an appetizer
but also to lose weight or for the
marco from honest food
or lose weight ideal for him
eat ap what is he doing now i
well , both do not care
We will bring you to the table
then you can look over it
make and then we hope that's there
somehow a little something to learn
and take along can have fun with the
new episode here they are now the
stars of our appetizer respectively
our main course if you because
wants to take the rest when it as
Main course is enough to calculate
two and a half to three of these black
tiger prawns or shrimps per
person
if you give it as a starter we are enough
today with a slight glaze and
a salad or with a
bitu baguette then reaches one per
person or maybe just one
Half is only one after all
starter
I'll turn around right now
take care of the glaze
if they are here just a quick grin
from both sides then in the middle
divided
then each glaze on the
private or shrimp
applied and then they will again
just elected and then they come on
look down you go very fast is
just annoying if you like that
Do not do it all right then
then a lot of money for nothing
output
First we need the juice of two
Incidentally, limes lime because
which have a fine acidity like lemons
and that fits in my opinion
better with seafood like these
then add the acid to the lemons
we need a bit of pepper and
salt
You see, you do not need a lot of work
that these cut these seafood
because the flesh in itself already has one
so good taste that I reluctant
would cover up with too many spices
then we'll cut our bread
because it's all ratzfatz
that can be where I really nice and thick
cut it up just a little
herb butter on it then come the short
on the grill and are only to
We have served here today
For once, maybe it's shaaf
bread decided that there is in
known larger ones
grocery stores it's with chili
I can only taste good
recommend
that wants to be cut open and then
come a bit of herbal butter
then the come then if
the shrimp for the second time on the
Grill come with us
achieved
our daniel were now very short on
the grill have become slightly red like
you see and we will be in the now
they are not yet through
cooked
this only serves to make the cup
easier to open or crack
lets because we want the animals more
or less completely in today
cut the middle and become for it
I share you now and then with the
sprinkle glaze or our spices
and then they come again on
the grill to then really pull
we shared our chains now
you can either use the heads as decoration
to do with it
he wants gold or just throw it away
there are people who are still packing
with on the grill and suck the later
from who wants that can do that I do
Not
So we have to save ourselves in the
shared middle and now where I still have you
close up so he can watch
what's next here so now
the split shrimp and how you see
can be found up here the intestine and the
of course, no one wants that
with food
that's why we take it out now
is quite simply the best one takes
tweezers or something similar packs up
turn it on and just pull it down like that
See that can be solved easily
But nobody wants to know the ladies
yes now we come to ours
klausur or the spice that
does not have to be much, so we just have
the limes and salt and pepper here
to a small marinade
stirred together and now only very
just over it
that really does not have to be much
about all four so very little and
now have two kinds of spices once
I have a barbecue off here or
the raw portuguese from the company cent
fewer
very light over it and then humanitas
That's lemon with dried tomatoes
cumin that was it you see
just a little bit now
back to the grill
the same is done as you can
already eat
that was simply our shrimp are
finished here are on the table in front of us
we'll make you a nice one right away
plate image of it
and then I wish you much fun
after grill
We would be happy about a thumb
up or via a comment
Below the recipe is in connection
again on facebook or below under the
Video
until next time with the Sauerland
barbecue